---
layout: post
title: My challenges as a Jr jr developer in training
feature-img: "img/challenges.jpg"
---
"So like, where do you go to school?"

There is no StackOverflow answer to this question. Usually, it's easier for me to just say "Oh, I go to the University of Houston" (my hometown university) rather than "I enrolled in a coding boot camp. It teaches nothing but software development, and after 1200+ hours of pure coding it's the equivalent of going to a 4-year university. Most places look at technical skills rather than qualifications, so this fits me perfectly!" It's an earful, and it's not like whomever I'm speaking with suddenly has a deeper understanding of my career choice or schoolwork. If there's 1 thing I absolutely can't wait to end, it's this question. 

Now, speaking as a Jr jr developer in training (what I like to refer to myself as) the absolute biggest challenge I've faced is my own patience. Learning how to program takes time. I'm a certified Google-Fu Black Belt, it pains me to see people word their questions wrong. So naturally one of the biggest challenges of this career is learning how to ask the right questions and where to look for them. Luckily for me, I have experience with that. I taught myself everything there is to know about 12-volt electronics. I can repeat OHMs law while thoroughly explaining why using CCA wire puts a bigger strain on your electrical system compared to 100% OFC wire. 

Little did I know, learning about electrical systems isn't nearly the same as learning about just 1 programming language such as Javascript. 

There's only 1 definite way electricity works in a vehicle. Wiring schematics are obviously different, battery placement might change but once you learn about 1 car you can confidently work on about 90% of em. Programming.... not so much. There is no 1 definitive way to type up some code. One person might write a 20 line function that works like magic, but I guarantee you there's someone else out there who could write the same function in 15 lines or less. Going through a dozen pages and answers explaining something like closure was unlike anything I've ever tried learning before. It's literally like learning a brand new language. 

Learning to slow down and absorb each little bit of information on a page, even if I don't understand everything 100%, is difficult. Even though I've gotten better it's still going to take more time before it comes naturally to me. Patience will always pay off, especially if it's being put to good use for the right reasons. 