---
layout: post
title: My Goals as a Software Developer
feature-img: "img/blog-post-1/jpg"
---
When I was young, technology was a privilege. Cell phones belt clips were still a thing (oh god) and owning a "nice" tv usually meant it's a 100lb square that took up half the room. Landlines were a given and I still remember those awful collect call commercials with MR T ("I pity the fool who doesn't use 1800-call-att"). Point is, we've come a long way. 

One of the most magical times of my youth was during the technology boom. Between the years of 2005-2010, we saw TV's change from squares into rectangles. Flip phones slowly evolved into the blueprint of modern-day smartphones (thanks Apple!) Something.... something... bluetooth? Or is it blutooth? Life as I knew it was evolving at such a rapid pace I swear there was something new to behold every week. 

It wasn't just these modern devices that were changing. Cars manufacturers started redesigning their entertainment interior to better accommodate smart-phones. Hybrids became a thing as well. Cable companies started broadcasting channels in HD. Video games went from blocky shapes to smooth, crystal clear models that looked so realistic I remember telling myself "There's no way this gets better". Display resolution mattered, mobile websites were a must and within just a few short years it felt like any day there'd be a Back to the Future-esque Hoverboard announcement. 

It's been 7 years since the last "omg wtf this is crazy how is this possible" product was released in my opinion (The iPhone 4). The law of diminishing returns is a real thing. I'm under the impression that most companies today have the blueprints to make an iPhone 100 if they chose to. But financially it makes the most sense to have small, incremental updates. Even 4k resolution isn't anywhere near the jump compared to the SD > HD we made all those years ago. Technology is no longer a privilege, it has become an essential part of life. And that's where I come in. 

My goal as a developer isn't to become the new Steve Jobs. I won't start the next multi-billion dollar corporation. I want to learn, create, and eventually, I will have the knowledge to run my own software development business. Having the ability to say "I built this from scratch" while being able to put your stamp on it gives me an immense amount of satisfaction. Contributing to this ever-growing society where everything that exists is a smart-something, every moment of our free time is consumed by some form of electronic device, and every opportunity to add to this wonderful ever-changing world is what I'm about. This is just the beginning of my journey. I don't know where I'll end up, what I'll create or even what language will be my preferred choice 6 months from now. But this is a career where you get back what you put it, and since I have a passion for this, I see myself doing some incredible things during my time as a Software Developer. 