---
layout: post
title: My experience with Bloc
feature-img: "img/Bloc.jpg"
---
"How hard could it be to build a website? I built one with Yahoo 8 years ago."

That initial curiosity is what led me to Bloc. I spent years considering college but never enough to actually enroll. I spent 4 years reselling consumer electronics on my own website as well as eBay & Amazon. I worked as a product manager for a startup golf company that's not only still in business today, but has PGA tour members wearing their gear! Those were my 2 favorite jobs by far, and while each one presented their own set of challenges, I couldn't shake the feeling that learning about software development would improve business. Nothing was worse than seeing a correctable problem but not having the technical skills to fix it. 

"Computer science, 4 years of school full time, $30-$40k total cost + half the classes won't be about actual programming"

Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying college is a waste of time or money. I think it's an invaluable part of life. The experiences one gains from college stays with them for many years to come. If you have the opportunity then you should definitely go. It just wasn't for me. I had different objectives in life and could never fully commit to an entire lifestyle change centered around college. On top of it, had I chosen to select a major at 18, it would've been something along the lines of "business". But still, there I was, contemplating an education to better my future and help me prepare for a lifelong career. after all those years I still saw 1, and only 1 option. College. 

Enter Bloc. I was familiar with physical boot camps that required on-campus attendance, so the idea of a 100% online one was a foreign idea to me at the time. So when I found out about Bloc I literally couldn't believe it. A 100% remote boot camp that offered multiple career paths!? A tuition guarantee that happened to cover my city!? It sounded too good to be true. Luckily it wasn't. 

I'm currently learning about the Ruby programming language. My mentor specializes in this section of the program and she has an obvious passion for not only the language but teaching it to her students as well. So far it hasn't been easy, but nothing in life that's worth it ever is. While I enjoyed HTML/CSS and  Javascript I can see why Ruby is preferred by many developers. It's safe to say I'm only 2ft in an ocean of limitless depth, but maybe this is what I choose to specialize in! Only time (and future blog posts) will tell.